did you see the match today
yeah you did well for yourself
I like reddit
I dont know what I am going to do
Ronald regan was the best republican we ever had
I knew you coul do it
watched the new episode yet
yeah I know he is my favorite too
oh come on
really? you expect me to belive that
Edit: speech to text is garbage but it’s fast. Fixed mistakes.
Aww lil man was soooo happy
Such a pure wholesome! His smile really made me smile too! This one really made my day!
More like made me cry, these damn onions. Adorable little chap, good luck to him.
I want his confidence in my life. Will definitely grow up to be a great guy for sure.
Sometimes I wonder why I switched majors to biomedical engineering. Now I know why :)
What a handsome little man. Such a charming smile.
Does the story tell how American led wars took his arm?
A smile of pure joy, that’s awesome
This is where I love technology. God Bless this child.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
Let me help you with your baggage.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
Just go ahead and press that button.